- Bash features that make the keyboard use faster and more efficient.

    Cursor Movement
        Ctrl-a Move cursor to the beginning of the line.
        Ctrl-e Move cursor to the end of the line.
        Ctrl-f Move cursor forward one character; same as the right arrow key.
        Ctrl-b Move cursor backward one character; same as the left arrow key.
        Alt-f Move cursor forward one word.
        Alt-b Move cursor backward one word.
        Ctrl-l Clear the screen and move the cursor to the top-left corner. The
        clear command does the same thing.

    Modifying Text
        Ctrl-d Delete the character at the cursor location.
        Ctrl-t Transpose (exchange) the character at the cursor location with the
        one preceding it.
        Alt-t Transpose the word at the cursor location with the one preceding it.
        Alt-l Convert the characters from the cursor location to the end of the
        word to lowercase.
        Alt-u Convert the characters from the cursor location to the end of the
        word to uppercase.

    Cutting (Killing) and Pasting (Yanking) Text
        Ctrl-k Kill text from the cursor location to the end of line.
        Ctrl-u Kill text from the cursor location to the beginning of the line.
        Alt-d Kill text from the cursor location to the end of the current word.
        Alt-
        Backspace
        Kill text from the cursor location to the beginning of the current
        word. If the cursor is at the beginning of a word, kill the previous
        word.
        Ctrl-y Yank text from the kill-ring and insert it at the cursor location.



COMPLETION
    - Occurs when we press the tab key while typing a command.
    - The clue given has to be unambiguous


    Alt-? Display a list of possible completions. On most systems you can
    also do this by pressing the Tab key a second time, which is much
    easier.
    Alt-* Insert all possible completions. This is useful when you want to use
    more than one possible match.


USING History